4.3	Improvement

Gaming Logic

The Dawn game is based on battle royal game mode, this gaming mechanism involves many pre-settings like size of map, refreshing time for safety zone, rate for gears, etc. So the gaming logic needs frequent adjustment in order to cater to the players' favor. As a consequence, we are considering of introducing a automatic tool for the adjustment. The new system would collect player data from database and make pre-programmed analysis, after which it will choose better parameters and upload these data to the game logic. 

Advanced Communication Protocol

The game logic itself is essential to the gaming experience, but the communication technology we use is even more fundamental. A better internet communication protocol could benefit gaming experience in varying ways. Existing protocols includes TCP/IP and UDP, which is widely used in game development. However, many serious problems occurred during practice, for instance, a bad internet condition could contribute to a terrible communication quality or high delay. A brand new protocol called KCP has been developed to promote communication quality under bad internet condition. It is completely open-source, and has proven useful. 

Multi-platform Development

Current development focuses on Android development, which is based on Java. In the future, we would consider developing the same game in IOS device. As we know, ios-development involves Swift, given the fact that only one member in the team possesses a MacBook, we decided to put this idea aside temporarily and focus on the Android game currently. This is for the satisfaction for users from all platforms.

