4.4	Impact

4.4.1	Impacts to the Device

The server used to run the game system must require:

CPU: PentiumIV 1.3Ghz or better

Main memory: 512MB or more



Minimum requirements for DAWN is as follows:

OS: Android™4.3 or higher verison
 Memory: 2 GB RAM
 Network: Wifi or 4G connection


 Recommended requirements for DAWN is as follows:

OS: Android™4.3 or higher verison
 Memory: 4 GB RAM
 Network: Wifi or 4G connection





4.4.2	Impacts to the Software

The game server need to be run under the JAVA environment, so Linux or Windows will satisfy our requirements.

The Dawn Game need to be run on Android™4.3 or higher version. Our future plan is to transplant the game to ios devices.



4.4.3	Impacts to the User 

Any android user will have access to the game. Windows users are allowed to use virtual environment to enjoy the same game.

A server administrator is needed to maintain the normal operation of game server.



4.4.4	Impacts to the Run-time Process

In this section I will talk about the influence on the Run-time Process.

a)       The user can play this game in almost any generation of Android devices, or he can play it in a virtual machine based on Windows/Linus/MacOS;

b)       The game is supposed to be friendly-to-user, anyone can learn to paly this game in a relative short time;

c)       The gaming data will be stored in our central server, and we will thus be able to repeat the specific game and identify the possible cheater.

d)       When the user triggers a bug, there should be a way to stop the procedure and at least spare the system from dying.

e)       When a connection is lost, users should be able to reconnect to the server and continue the game.



4.4.5   Impacts to the Development

For this section I will talk about the impacts
to the development.

There are two essential parts of the game system. One is the game logic system, this determines how the game is going to proceed, we should develop a game logic system with feasibility and playability. Another is the communication system, this is important since our game is for multi-player, we need to build up a good communication system and tell the system what to do when the connection is down or the internet condition is terrible. 

To test the whole gaming system, we will have to possess several Android devices. Actually, we are considering using virtual machine to make this easier, and the use of virtual machine is going to make the adaptability test easier because it will be convenient to change device parameters.

Luckily, our system is product-oriented; all the knowledge we need to know is common and open to every software developers. And there is no security problem in the current concern. 



### 4.4.1   Impacts to the Location and Equipment

Players will only need to possess an Android device that meets our requirement. The game server will be provided by us.

### 4.4.1   Impacts to the Expenditure

Actually this topic will be talked about in Chapter 4.6 Cost/Benefit Analysis, I would say that our game development is not going to take a lot budget, and our goal is to develop a playable game, not a game to make profit.